Add Duplicate Variant error (#853)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/errors.md

> {{This is {$foo}}}
> ```

### Duplicate Variant

> A **_<dfn>Duplicate Variant</dfn>_** error occurs when the same _keys_
> are used for more than one _variant_.

Reviewer: Nit

```suggestion
A **_<dfn>Duplicate Variant</dfn>_** error occurs when the
same list of _keys_ is used for more than one _variant_.
```

> Examples of invalid messages resulting in a _Duplicate Variant_ error:
>
> ```
> .match {$var :string}
> * {{The first default}}
> * {{The second default}}
> ```
>
> ```
> .match {$x :string} {$y :string}
> *   foo   {{The first "foo" variant}}
> bar *     {{The "bar" variant}}

> > *   |foo| {{The second "foo" variant}}

Reviewer: Put the foos next to each other?

Author: I initially separated them to show that they don't need to be next to each other to be an error, but my sentiments here are not strong.
